 [Illustration]CHAPTER LIX. 1. pride and prejudice. Elizabeth, as a result, did not enjoy her time with him, but only a few days after their first meeting she was at Longbourn, and on the first occasion she met him she was very cold and distant with him. 2. class differences. Lady Catherine and Mr. Collins were both from a very high social class and had the same expectations of their nieces, with Elizabeth. Elizabeth’s father had the same expectations of his nieces as his mother. 3. misunderstanding. Elizabeth did not like Mr. Darcy at first, and this did not change even after he had proved his love for her. There was also an understanding that Darcy and Bingley were enemies, but this misunderstanding was cleared up when they met and became friends. 4. social differences. In the beginning, they were both of the same social class, but they did not like each other due to their different personalities. As they became friends, they realized the differences in their personalities and were no longer of the same social class. 5. overcoming pride and prejudice. Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy both had pride and prejudice, but they both overcame these and became friends. Elizabeth did not like Darcy at first, but she eventually overcame her pride and prejudice and became friends with him. 6. first impressions. Elizabeth did not like Darcy at first due to her first impression, and it took a while for her to overcome her first impression and become friends with him. The first impression that Elizabeth had of Darcy was not a good one, and she did not like him at first, but her feelings changed after she had become friends with him. 7. change. As Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy both went to Longbourn, they both changed their views of each other. 8. friendship and social standing. They both had the same social standing, but they were enemies at first, but as they became friends, they both realized their social standing and social differences, and they became friends. 9. pride. Darcy was proud of himself and his social standing. He had an air of superiority, and this pride was something that Elizabeth did not like. 10. prejudice. Darcy was prejudiced against Elizabeth because she was the sister of his aunt, Lady Catherine. He thought her to be a very perverseness person, and he had an idea of her being ungrateful to him. 11. social standing. Both Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy belonged to a very high social class, and they both had the same expectations of their nieces, with Elizabeth. 12. overcoming prejudice. After the misunderstanding and pride had been cleared up, Darcy and Elizabeth became friends. Elizabeth was prejudiced against Darcy because of his pride and prejudice against her, and they both overcame their prejudices and became friends. The main themes of Pride and Prejudice are pride and prejudice, class differences, misunderstanding, overcoming pride and prejudice, first impressions, change, friendship and social standing, pride, prejudice, and social standing. These themes are illustrated through the plot of Pride and Prejudice in the following ways: Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy both had pride and prejudice, but they both overcame these and became friends. They both had the same social standing, but they did not like each other due to their different personalities. As they became friends, they realized their social standing and social differences, and they became friends. Elizabeth did not like Darcy at first, but she eventually overcame her pride and prejudice and became friends with him. Social standing is a theme in Pride and Prejudice, as both Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy belong to a very high social class, and they both have the same expectations of their nieces with Elizabeth. They both had pride and prejudice, but they both overcame these and became friends. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy both had pride and prejudice, but they both overcame these and became friends. They both had the same social standing, but they did not like each other due to their different personalities. As they became friends, they realized their social standing and social differences, and they became friends. Elizabeth did not like Darcy at first, but she eventually overcame her pride and prejudice and became friends with him. Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy both had pride and prejudice, but they both overcame these and became friends. They both had the same social standing, but they did not like each other due to their different personalities. As they became friends, they realized their social standing and social differences, and they became friends. Elizabeth did not like Darcy at first, but she eventually overcame her pride and prejudice and became friends with him. Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy both had pride and prejudice, but they both overcame these and became

