[Illustration: “The Dashwood sisters.”] Elizabeth' story, which, from the beginning to the end, was one of great anxiety and suspense, and of the most painfullestlest suspense of all, gave them all the relief they desired. She had at last done her duty, and, as her mother had said, “He is gone to my father already.” And then, when they were alone, with all their feelings so much repressed for some time, and their thoughts so much distracted and bewildered, Jane, who was the more sensible of the two, made her observations on the feelings which the other had had during the long months of suspense. “You are more sensible than I,” said she, “and have had more reason to feel the difference. But let us be glad of it. You have had a joy; and the moment that I have a chance I will tell him that I love him; and I know he will not be sorry to hear it.”  “Oh, that is the truth! I do not doubt that he will be sorry to hear it; and that he will have reason to be so. But, with all the happiness I have, I can think of nothing else but that he is gone. I know that it is the only way for him to be happy; but I know not how to live without him.”  [Illustration: “Mrs. Bennet and her daughters.”]  Elizabeth told her that she had a thousand times more reason to feel this, than Jane had.  “He must know that I am not as he supposed; and that I am really a good match for him.”  They then began to think of Bingley as they had never thought of him before; and Jane thought that it was a good plan to tell him all about it when he came to see them. But she had not the courage.  “I have no plan,” said she; “and I dare not tell him. For fear of his not understanding it. It would make him angry, I am sure.”  [Illustration: “Lizzy, I know he will not be sorry for you. He will think of you as the foolish girl he saw at Meryton. But I know he will be sorry that he ever did not trust himself to you, and that he will be glad that you have not given up hope of his love.]”  Elizabeth smiled again. “Well, then, you need not be so afraid,” said she. “It is no use to try to make him see it; he will not, and never will. So let us just take him as he is. He is a good man, and he is a good match for you; and it is you who have the courage to speak up and tell him so. But, if we had been here with you, I daresay we should have told him ourselves.”  “You must tell him,” said Jane; “it is the right thing to do; and you must tell him yourself.” Elizabeth smiled and said, “I will do it. I will tell him that I love him.”  “You are more sensible than I,” said she again; “and you are more like a good match. But I must tell him myself, and not wait for you to do it. I must go and tell him I love him.”  They then thought of Kitty, who had been so anxious for some time, and who had been so much disappointed. The next day they all met in the drawing-room, and it was discovered that Mrs. Long was not at Netherfield, but had come to stay with them a week. And as long as her stay was short, they did not trouble much about her. When it was not, Jane’s mind was all the more troubled by the thought of what was to be done. She was anxious to go alone to her father, and to speak to him about her plan; but Elizabeth would not allow it; and Jane was angry at her, and her own reluctancy.  “It is only that I am afraid he will not understand the difference; and I am afraid he will not be sorry for me,” said she.  “Why should you be afraid?” said Elizabeth.  “I am more sensible than you,” said she; “and I am more like a good match than you, and I am more like a good match than he knows; but I am not so bold as you are, and I am not so confident as you are. So I fear that I will do all the wrong I can, and that he will not be sorry for me.”  “He will not be sorry for you,” said Elizabeth. “He will be sorry that he ever did not trust himself to you. And he will be glad that you have not given up hope of his love.”  “If I had been here,” said she, “I should have told him myself, and I should not have done all the wrong

