that his pride is the cause of all his faults.”  Elizabeth thought it was very uncharitable to say so of Wickham, and was glad of the opportunity to tell her aunt that she had known him little in her life. It was impossible for her to say that she had known him not at all. She had heard all that was necessary of him to form a just idea; and, if she had known him, she should not have judged him so badly as to call him by that name. To her, Mr. Darcy was as pleasant and as agreeable to be with as he was pleasant and agreeable when she had last met him at the gate; and she was sure that she had never known him to be so ill-tempered as she now thought him to have been.  The conversation of the ladies was so long that it was impossible for them to pass their time. They were now at the bottom of the garden, and Mrs. Gardiner had taken her niece, who was standing on the lawn, into the house; but they were all in the garden. It was a very beautiful spot, and it was not difficult to see who was where. They sat down to enjoy the pleasantness of the scene, and the conversation turned again to Mr. Gardiner, who was very much engaged in arranging some of his flowers; and then, at the request of her aunt and uncle, Elizabeth was asked to walk into the house, to take the refreshment that was there, which she declined, and told them that she was not tired. This was the signal to them to go in and have their tea and dinner, and they took their leave of her. She remained alone in the garden, and sat down on the grass, gazing on the house and its grounds, and at the little pond, which was now so beautifully lighted up. It was a scene of more than ordinary beauty. The moon was now so high over the house, and the lights which her uncle and aunt had lit up the grounds were so numerous and so well arranged, that the garden looked as if it had been entirely illuminated. She looked at the lights, and at the house, and at the pond, and her mind began to wander. Her aunt and uncle had spoken to her, and had taken her to her room. She was left to herself, and in her loneliness she began to feel the old feelings of pride and prejudice. She had always liked Mr. Wickham; and she was so much ashamed of having liked him, that she was glad to have been told that he was so disagreeable, that she might be rid of him. Her feelings, too, which had been so strongly excited by his appearance and his manner in the morning, were now allayed, and she felt no embarrassment. Her pride was at this moment at its highest pitch, and her prejudice was at this moment the strongest. She was, therefore, very much upset. Her aunt had been talking to her about her morning walk and her aunt’ s visit to the house, and her aunt’ s wish of going to Lambton in the afternoon, when it began to rain. The conversation had been so long and so full of variety, that they had all but forgotten what their sister had said to her. She had asked if she would come to the garden to-morrow; and they had said, no. She had said that she was not tired, and that she had some business to do, and that she would not come. They had all been so glad to hear her say so, that they had not been able to talk further. Elizabeth was very silent, and her aunt was very sorry that she should not come. Her uncle, too, expressed his regret that she should not be there. He had been very much disappointed to see her walking alone in the garden, and he had a great deal to say to her about it. He said, that he thought she must be very much upset, and that her coming there would do her good; and that he thought she must feel the need of her sister, and that it would be good for her to be there. He told her that he should have been glad to see her come; but he understood that her sister might be staying at Lambton all day. “I am sure,” he said, “that you will not be able to keep out of the garden, and that you will be out again, and that it will not be long before you are back at your room. And then, of course, you will come to the garden again to-morrow; and I will be there to see you.” Her aunt and uncle had said nothing, but they were very sorry to see her so silent and unhappy. Her aunt said, that she could not go to Lambton; and that she could not think of going at all; and that she could not think of going to the garden in the rain. She said, that she should be so wet, and so cold, and so miserable that she would

