[Illustration: “The obsequious civility.”] [Illustration: “The obsequious civility.”] [Illustration: “The obsequious civility.”] [Illustration: “The obsequious civility.”] [Illustration: “The obsequious civility.”]CHAPTER LXI. 1 1. Elizabeth’s love of adventure and her courage are demonstrated when she goes to walk out with Mr. Darcy. 1 2. Elizabeth’s pride and prejudice are shown when she rejects Mr. Darcy initially, despite her growing feelings for him. 1 3. The theme of social class is explored as Elizabeth is introduced to Mr. Darcy’s family and sees the stark difference between their lives and her own. 1 4. The theme of self-respect is developed as Elizabeth is pressured to accept Mr. Darcy’s marriage. 1 5. The theme of social responsibility is illustrated through the role of Mrs. Bennet as she tries to arrange a marriage for her daughters. 1 6. The theme of class, social responsibility, and family are explored as Mr. Darcy’s true nature is revealed. 1 7. Elizabeth’s love of adventure and her courage are demonstrated when she goes to walk out with Mr. Darcy. CHAPTER LXII. 1 1. Elizabeth’s pride and prejudice are shown when she rejects Mr. Darcy initially, despite her growing feelings for him. 1 2. The theme of social responsibility is explored as Elizabeth is pressured to accept Mr. Darcy’s marriage. 1 3. The theme of class is developed through the role of Mrs. Bennet as she tries to arrange a marriage for her daughters. 1 4. The theme of self-respect is developed as Elizabeth is pressured to accept Mr. Darcy’s marriage. 1 5. The theme of social class is explored as Elizabeth is introduced to Mr. Darcy’s family and sees the stark difference between their lives and her own. 1 6. The theme of social responsibility and social class are explored as Mr. Darcy reveals his true nature and Elizabeth sees the stark difference between their lives. 1 7. The theme of love is developed as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature and Elizabeth falls in love with him. CHAPTER LXIII. 1 1. The theme of social responsibility and class is developed as Mr. Darcy reveals his true nature. 1 2. The theme of social class is explored as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature to Elizabeth. 1 3. The theme of pride and prejudice is developed as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature. 1 4. The theme of self-respect is developed as Elizabeth sees the stark difference between their lives. 1 5. The theme of love is developed as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature. 1 6. The theme of adventure and courage is developed as Elizabeth goes to walk out with Mr. Darcy. CHAPTER LXIV. 1 1. The theme of social responsibility is developed as Mr. Darcy reveals his true nature. 1 2. The theme of social class is explored as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature to Elizabeth. 1 3. The theme of pride and prejudice is developed as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature. 1 4. The theme of self-respect is developed as Elizabeth sees the stark difference between their lives. 1 5. The theme of love is developed as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature. 1 6. The theme of adventure and courage is developed as Elizabeth goes to walk out with Mr. Darcy. CHAPTER LXV. 1 1. The theme of social responsibility is developed as Mr. Darcy reveals his true nature. 1 2. The theme of social class is explored as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature to Elizabeth. 1 3. The theme of pride and prejudice is developed as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature. 1 4. The theme of self-respect is developed as Elizabeth sees the stark difference between their lives. 1 5. The theme of love is developed as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature. 1 6. The theme of adventure and courage is developed as Elizabeth goes to walk out with Mr. Darcy. CHAPTER LXVI. 1 1. The theme of social responsibility is developed as Mr. Darcy reveals his true nature. 1 2. The theme of social class is explored as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature to Elizabeth. 1 3. The theme of pride and prejudice is developed as Mr. Darcy shows his true nature. 1 4. The theme of self-respect is developed as Elizabeth sees the stark difference between their lives. 1 5. The theme of love is developed as Mr. Darcy shows his

