Elizabeth, the 12-year-old narrator of the story, is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner, and lives in the village of Longbourn with her governess, Mrs. Gardiner. Her sister, Lydia, is a young woman who has come to the village with her family, and has a great attraction to Mr. Wickham, a man she falls in love with. She and Mr. Wickham are soon married, but Lydia is unfaithful to her husband. Mr. Darcy is also in the village and comes in contact with the Gardiners, but his disapproval of Lydia's marriage to Wickham is evident. The novel is about themes of social class, prejudice, love, and the consequences of actions. The plot is illustrated through the characters and the way they interact with each other. For example, the Gardiners are very proud, which affects the way they perceive their neighbors and their actions. The novel also explores the consequences of actions, as the characters' actions are often influenced by their prejudices. For example, Elizabeth initially disapproves of Lydia marrying Wickham, but she later comes to see that Lydia was unfaithful, and the consequences of her actions. Love is also a theme in the novel, as Elizabeth falls in love with Darcy and comes to realize that he is a kind and admirable man. The novel is also about prejudice, as Elizabeth initially disapproves of Lydia marrying Wickham due to her lower social class. The novel also explores the consequences of actions, as the characters' actions are often influenced by their prejudices. For example, Elizabeth initially disapproves of Lydia marrying Wickham, but she later comes to see that Lydia was unfaithful, and the consequences of her actions. The novel is about themes of social class, prejudice, love, and the consequences of actions. The plot is illustrated through the characters and the way they interact with each other. For example, the Gardiners are very proud, which affects the way they perceive their neighbors and their actions. The novel also explores the consequences of actions, as the characters' actions are often influenced by their prejudices. For example, Elizabeth initially disapproves of Lydia marrying Wickham, but she later comes to see that Lydia was unfaithful, and the consequences of her actions. Love is also a theme in the novel, as Elizabeth falls in love with Darcy and comes to realize that he is a kind and admirable man. The novel is about themes of social class, prejudice, love, and the consequences of actions. The plot is illustrated through the characters and the way they interact with each other. For example, the Gardiners are very proud, which affects the way they perceive their neighbors and their actions. The novel also explores the consequences of actions, as the characters' actions are often influenced by their prejudices. For example, Elizabeth initially disapproves of Lydia marrying Wickham, but she later comes to see that Lydia was unfaithful, and the consequences of her actions. Love is also a theme in the novel, as Elizabeth falls in love with Darcy and comes to realize that he is a kind and admirable man. The novel is about themes of social class, prejudice, love, and the consequences of actions. The plot is illustrated through the characters and the way they interact with each other. For example, the Gardiners are very proud, which affects the way they perceive their neighbors and their actions. The novel also explores the consequences of actions, as the characters' actions are often influenced by their prejudices. For example, Elizabeth initially disapproves of Lydia marrying Wickham, but she later comes to see that Lydia was unfaithful, and the consequences of her actions. Love is also a theme in the novel, as Elizabeth falls in love with Darcy and comes to realize that he is a kind and admirable man. The novel is about themes of social class, prejudice, love, and the consequences of actions. The plot is illustrated through the characters and the way they interact with each other. For example, the Gardiners are very proud, which affects the way they perceive their neighbors and their actions. The novel also explores the consequences of actions, as the characters' actions are often influenced by their prejudices. For example, Elizabeth initially disapproves of Lydia marrying Wickham, but she later comes to see that Lydia was unfaithful, and the consequences of her actions. Love is also a theme in the novel, as Elizabeth falls in love with Darcy and comes to realize that he is a kind and admirable man. The novel is about themes of social class, prejudice, love, and the consequences of actions. The plot is illustrated through the characters and the way they interact with each other. For example, the Gardiners are very proud, which affects the way they perceive their neighbors and their actions. The novel also explores the consequences of actions, as the characters' actions are often influenced by their prejudices. For example, Elizabeth initially disapproves of Lydia marrying Wickham, but she later comes to see that Lydia was

