Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen? [Illustration: “Illustration: “The Characters of Jane Bennet and Elizabeth Bennet” ][_Copyright 1894 by George Allen._]] pride, they were entirely unable to check it. There was no connexion between the two, and when she was alone with her sister, they had no power over her. They were equally disposed to laugh at her own weakness and to deride her for her own. The senseless, senseless, senseless! And yet, though the connexion between them was the more difficult to perceive, it was more to be regretted. 2. How does Elizabeth feel about her family? 3. Why is Mr. Darcy’s letter so difficult for Elizabeth to read? 4. How does Mr. Darcy’s letter make Elizabeth feel about her family and about Mr. Darcy? 5. What does Mr. Darcy’s letter reveal about his character? Elizabeth could not see Lady Catherine without recollecting that, had she chosen it, she might by this time have been presented to her as her future niece; nor could she think, without a smile, of what her Ladyship’ s indignation would have been. “What would she have said? how would she have behaved?” were the questions with which she amused herself. Lady Catherine observed, after dinner, that Miss Bennet seemed out of spirits; and immediately accounting for it herself, by supposing that she did not like to go home again so soon, she added,--“But if that is the case, you must write to your mother to beg that you may stay a little longer. Mrs. Collins will be very glad of your company, I am sure.” “I am much obliged to your Ladyship for your kind invitation,” replied Elizabeth; “but it is not in my power to accept it. I must be in town next Saturday.” “Why, at that rate, you will have been here only six weeks. I expected you to stay two months. I told Mrs. Collins so before you came. There can be no occasion for your going so soon. Mrs. Bennet could certainly spare you for another fortnight.” “But my father cannot. He wrote last week to hurry my return.” 2. How does Elizabeth feel about her family? Elizabeth could not see Lady Catherine without recollecting that, had she chosen it, she might by this time have been presented to her as her future niece; nor could she think, without a smile, of what her Ladyship’ s indignation would have been. “What would she have said? how would she have behaved?” were the questions with which she amused herself. Lady Catherine observed, after dinner, that Miss Bennet seemed out of spirits; and immediately accounting for it herself, by supposing that she did not like to go home again so soon, she added,--“But if that is the case, you must write to your mother to beg that you may stay a little longer. Mrs. Collins will be very glad of your company, I am sure.” “I am much obliged to your Ladyship for your kind invitation,” replied Elizabeth; “but it is not in my power to accept it. I must be in town next Saturday.” “Why, at that rate, you will have been here only six weeks. I expected you to stay two months. I told Mrs. Collins so before you came. There can be no occasion for your going so soon. Mrs. Bennet could certainly spare you for another fortnight.” “But my father cannot. He wrote last week to hurry my return.” 3. Why is Mr. Darcy’s letter so difficult for Elizabeth to read? 4. How does Mr. Darcy’s letter make Elizabeth feel about her family and about Mr. Darcy? 5. What does Mr. Darcy’s letter reveal about his character? Elizabeth could not see Lady Catherine without recollecting that, had she chosen it, she might by this time have been presented to her as her future niece; nor could she think, without a smile, of what her Ladyship’ s indignation would have been. “What would she have said? how would she have behaved?” were the questions with which she amused herself. Lady Catherine observed, after dinner, that Miss Bennet seemed out of spirits; and immediately accounting for it herself, by supposing that she did not like to go home again so soon, she added,--“But if that is the case, you must write to your mother to beg that you may stay a little longer. Mrs. Collins will be very glad of your company, I am sure.” “I am much obliged to your Ladyship for your kind invitation,” replied Elizabeth; “but it is not in my power to accept it. I must be in town next Saturday.” “Why, at that rate, you will have been here only six weeks. I expected you to stay two months. I told Mrs. Collins so

